c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\FezHatApp.dll
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\FezHatApp.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\FezHatApp.FezHatApp.apk
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\FezHatApp.FezHatApp-Signed.apk
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\FezHatLib.dll
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Things.dll
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\FezHatLib.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\FezHatApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\FezHatApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\FezHatApp.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\FezHatApp.dll
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\FezHatApp.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\android\bin\FezHatApp.FezHatApp.apk
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\mscorlib.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\System.Core.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\System.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\Mono.Android.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\mscorlib.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Core.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Xml.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Net.Http.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Runtime.Serialization.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.ServiceModel.Internals.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\Mono.Security.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\System.ComponentModel.Composition.pdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\FezHatLib.dll.mdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\FezHatApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\FezHatLib.dll.mdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\FezHatApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\FezHatApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\android\assets\FezHatLib.dll.mdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\bin\Debug\FezHatApp.dll
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\FezHatApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\mifma\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FezHatApp\FezHatApp\obj\Debug\linksrc\FezHatLib.dll.mdb
